---
date: '2016-06-29 10:04 -0400'
published: true
title: Michna
description: '<a href="https://soundcloud.com/michnaofficial">DJ, producer</a>'
category: favorites
image: 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/bst-fornyc/Michna_Main_Portrait.jpg'
fbTitle: 'For New York: Michna '
socialBlurb: Michna shares three of his favorite local businesses in NYC.
tweetText: .@MichnaOfficial shares three of his favorite local businesses in NYC
---
## D’Amico Coffee Roasters

Man. D’Amico Coffee on Court. Most people seem to be fans of medium coffee, but I always go in and get a pound of their house blend light. The D’Amico dudes are legendary because I’m always like, “you know you could charge double for this, right?” and they go, “oh, no, we don’t do that here.” Once you buy D’Amico, it’s hard to buy anything at other coffee spots. Authentic vibes and great people in there - enough said.

## The Bike Truck

You can just tell that everyone at The Bike Truck are hard-working guys. All young, in their early to mid 20s, and really helpful - no question is too silly or dumb for them. They deserve all the business in the world. I think what really sets The Bike Truck apart from other shops is...well, it’s kind of similar to the thing that happens in certain record shops. Once in awhile, you’ll walk into a record shop and the person behind the counter is a total elitist, bumming people out because he’s better than everyone in the store. These guys are kind of the opposite - you could bring a busted tricycle or a unicycle in and they’d be like, “cool, let’s fix this thing, let’s figure it out.” Doesn’t matter what you got. There were other bike shops in the area that weren’t doing so hot on the customer service tip, so it’s great that The Bike Truck is here.

## Boomwich

Boomwich is on Atlantic - pretty close to my crib. The food is great there and they’re really price-sensitive, which is important to me and this community. They’re not trying to get over on you, so for me it’s a great addition to the neighborhood’s food options. You can get anything on the menu as a sandwich or salad. I always order a simple salad with turkey and, let me tell you, this isn’t your average, store-bought turkey. It’s juicy, moist, mom-cooked Thanksgiving cuts that deserve a chalice of gravy to accompany every slice. Order that and you’re set for at least two meals. Plus they have the janky iPod speaker or whatever dangling from the ceiling off some old chains...they’re always bumping old Snoop or something gangster.

## Why is it important to support independent businesses?

Well, with a food spot like Boomwich - because it’s a small operation, they can be more mindful of where they’re sourcing ingredients. That’s a plus both from a quality standpoint and from a helping-the-community perspective. With a place like D’Amico, you get that really incomparable, old school New York experience that can never be replicated in, say, a Starbucks or whatever. People know who you are, they know your order - how can you beat that level of personalization? And with The Bike Truck - sure, you could order parts online, but there’s an entirely different value to being able to walk into your local shop, get advice, and work with people you trust. These are all things that big businesses can’t deliver on, so if you care about stuff like that supporting independent businesses is essential.
