---
date: '2016-06-30 09:09 -0400'
published: false
title: Tamara Santibañez
description: >-
  <a href="http://tamarasantibanez.com/">artist</a>, <a
  href="http://tamarasantibanez.com/">tattoo artist</a>, publisher - <a
  href="http://www.disciplinepress.com/">Discipline Press</a>
---
Leather Man
To out myself a little bit right off the bat, I’m a leather fetishist. So, of course, it goes without saying that I love Leather Man. I really enjoy going in there - touching and smelling leather always cheers me up if I’m having a bad day. That aside, Leather Man is just a great example of a longstanding local business. It’s been around for over 50 years - I think it was actually the first of its kind in the city. Of course, it’s also on Christopher Street so I kind of feel like it’s a gay landmark at this point. The people who work there are all so great; they make a bunch of pieces themselves, they’ll do custom work and tailoring for you, and they’re always helping people out. We didn’t go in the basement today, but there’s a little spiral staircase that leads down to where they have this awesome collection of S&M gear, a cage, and stuff like that. The nice thing is that, the deeper I get into the leather community, the more I realize that Leather Man is such a hub for like-minded people who I’ve met at events or just out and about. They also have a rewards program so you get discounts on stuff whenever it’s your birthday!

Flower Power
Flower Power is also a spot that’s been around forever. I’ve been going there since I first moved to New York at eighteen; as soon as I got here, I started having a lot of crazy health problems (particularly, women’s reproductive issues). One of the ways I dealt with that was to start learning about DIY healthcare, alternative medicine, healing with food and herbs, and so on. Flower Power came up during my research, so I started going there and it’s been this invaluable resource to me for over a decade now. At first, it was really intimidating as an experience, but it really starts feeling like an extension of your home the more you visit. I have a bunch of friends who’ve worked at Flower Power, and I’ve also met a great group of people through the store as well. They’ll host cool workshops, too - new moon circles in the backyard, sessions on herbs for healing your heart - things like that. Even if I can find something similar I need elsewhere, I’ll always go to Flower Power first.

Molasses Books
Before I moved here, I was a huge fan of the zine Cometbus, which, to me, was the definitive blueprint for how to be punk in New York. I spent a lot of my first few years in the city seeking out all the spots that were referenced in every issue. Through that, I made a bunch of friends because they were running book tables before “graduating” and opening up their own bookstores - seeing people take that path has been a constant thread of my New York experience. Molasses is no exception - it’s really cool when your friends have been around for a while, get the opportunity to step up, and end up owning their own shops. I’ve done book and zine releases here - it’s such a nice resource to have when you want to release a project. They do a bunch of great events, everyone is super friendly, and they serve great coffee, too.

Why is it important to support independent businesses?
It’s important to support independent businesses because, by doing so, you’re directly putting money back into your own community. You’re funding great ideas and ventures that can only exist outside of mainstream, corporate chains. There’s also something great about being able to see where your money’s going, or how it’s helped an independent business you patronize accomplish something important. In a sense, it’s an act of resistance to how big businesses steamroll local ones out of existence...I think that’s really important in light of how much people complain about missing the old New York. If you’re so concerned about spots you love disappearing, put your money where your mouth is and help them stay around!
