---
category: favorites
date: '2016-10-31 14:40 -0400'
published: false
title: 'Here''s to You, New York'
image: 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/bst-fornyc/For%20New%20York%20Graphic%20Orance.jpg'
description: '<a href="https://bondstreet.com/">Bond Street</a>'
---
And there it is: We can now say, only after talking to 141 of the kinds of New Yorkers we respect, admire, and celebrate, that Bond Street's FOR NEW YORK zine is really, truly here. We talked to chefs, writers, a casting director, a pair of yoga impresarios, radio personalities, community organizers, bands, startup founders, artists, designers, and a pro skateboarder-firefighter, to name a few. They're 141 of the most hard-working, hustling, brilliant, diverse set of people we know, the people we moved to New York to meet, to become, whose output inspires us.

So we had those 141 New Yorkers tell us about the 326 small businesses that matter to them the most. These are the physical locations that gives our city its individual identity; they're a key part of the living, breathing DNA of New York City's cultural infrastructure that inspires those people.

Why? Well, look: Bond Street specializes in small business loans. We could've just told you all about the power of small businesses, and go on about how great they are for the economy—run the numbers, explain the economics of how chain stores hurt this city, rant about how they keep making incursions into the way of life we hold dear. But we thought the best way to get that across would be to just show you just a handful of the places that matter to some people who matter to us, and hear it from them, in their own words, as they told it.

And damn, did they. They took us all over this city. They told us about businesses that opened up shop a few months old, and over a century ago. They told us about a hardware store that's survived the hurricanes of change in Williamsburg for 50 years, and a place to buy a punk getup that changed an entire culture of music. They put us onto a store that specializes in selling pencils, and a pharmacy with two turntables behind their counter. They showed us one of the newest, most groundbreaking sneaker shops in America, and one of the oldest, most groundbreaking gay bars in the world. Thirteen bookstores, two tattoo parlors, eleven specialty grocers, nineteen coffee shops; a crystal shop, a computer repair guy, a plastics merchant, and a counterculture leather outfitter, to name a few. These businesses are our reason for being here, and doing what Bond Street does.

And we're not trying to get you to take out a small business loan—that might be for you, that might not. You want to know more about that, we've got plenty for you to learn about over at BondStreet.com. But the idea was to get across the power and importance of small businesses, and then, support them. Below you'll find a guide to these places—in our humble opinion, you'd do well to check them out, patronize them, and get to better know what this city's great merchants have to offer.

And one more thing: Just because we're closing the books on FOR NEW YORK doesn't mean our work is comprehensive or complete. For one thing, we’re gonna keep adding onto the list of people we already have here. But for another, and far more importantly, there are countless New Yorkers we admire, respect, and aspire to fill our city with like the ones we featured. For each of them, there are just as many small businesses that change their lives on a daily basis for the better, the kind that give this place the incredible, distinct character that makes it such a special city to live in. That project—of supporting those people, and those businesses—is ongoing. That work will never be done. So long as we want this place to stay great, the core value of this project is always going be central not just to Bond Street's mission, but also, the way everyone here lives, in the world's greatest city, now and forever: For New York.