---
category: favorites
date: '2016-07-22 15:10 -0400'
published: false
title: Dave One
description: '½ of <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhmUnk454MA">Chromeo</a>'
image: 'https://s3.amazonaws.com/bst-fornyc/img_1852_1024.jpg'
fbTitle: 'For New York: Dave One'
socialBlurb: Dave One of Chromeo shares three of his favorite local businesses in NYC.
tweetText: Dave One of @Chromeo shares three of his favorite local businesses in NYC.
---
## Fool’s Gold Records
Number one is always Fool’s Gold Records - this is home court. Fool’s Gold is a business that I own with my brother A-Trak, Nick Catchdubs, and our business partner Ben Jacobs, who’s also general manager of the label. At its most essential, Fool’s Gold is a couple of things - it’s a record label and a brick and mortar record shop (which we’re actually in the process of moving and expanding). I think that, as Canadians who moved to New York, opening the physical shop was kind of like putting our stamp on the neighborhood we love - it was our way of being active contributors via the label, the shop, and the events side of our organization. So, as much as it is a place of business, it’s also the conduit we use to give back to our community; it’s how we invest in the cultural fabric of Williamsburg and Brooklyn. 

## Andrew Tarlow Restaurants
I’m into all of the Andrew Tarlow restaurants - Marlow & Sons, Diner, Reynard at the Wythe Hotel, you name it. Diner was actually the first restaurant I went to when I moved to New York in 2002. Such a trailblazing establishment - I feel like they might have been the first restaurant to serve tap water in the city. Over the years, I’ve become very friendly with the staff - they’ve always been extremely welcoming to me. Oh, and the music at Marlow & Sons is just incredible. I’ve never Shazam’d more songs in my life at any other establishment. The phone reception there is terrible, too, so I’m always arms akimbo living that struggle Shazam life. I have a lot of love for all of those spots.

## Ricky’s
The local business in New York I respect the most, however, is Ricky’s. It’s maybe the most iconic independent business in the city to me. That toothpaste tube is the most official logo in the game. Hands down. All that said, I actually don’t understand Ricky’s - I think it’s only a store for girlfriends. The selection is always something like: Halloween costumes, curlers, leggings, and affordable-but-clutch beauty products. When I’d visit New York as a kid throughout the 90s, I always assumed Ricky’s was a streetwear store. From the sidewalk, it always looked like that’s where you’d buy Freshjive pants. All the displays were so sparkly, but then I’d walk in and be like, “oh, wait...this is a drug store.” It’s incredible. I was in Soho yesterday and just saw they opened a new one on Lafayette or wherever - so, clearly, they’re thriving! Yeah - I’m a big Ricky’s fanboy. I’m waiting for that Supreme Ricky’s collabo.

## Why is it important to support independent businesses?
...That’s like asking me why it’s important to recycle and vote Democrat. Look, I’m not going to stand here and give you the whole...okay. Here’s the thing. Why we need to support independent businesses in this age of corporate monopolies...I shouldn’t even have to answer that. What I will say, however, is that it’s critical to support independent brick and mortar establishments - those are much harder to maintain. It’s just not necessary for you to leave your home to shop for anything anymore, so I have extra respect for people who put that effort in against the odds. These guys are committed to providing people who schlep to their spot with a real experience (as much as I hate that word). So, yeah - I have a ton of admiration for the customer who’ll get out of Amazon and into the urban jungle to support independent brick and mortar joints. 